having a good time drinking the wine
every time is plenty time over here I
gave video y'all and check us out at
game scribd.com y'all we're gonna keep
it moving right now thatõs games radio
more classic games by a stranger fishing
black rub check it out
saw me buddy through got inside to face
news for what the struggle do I mean
black like it made friendly loving you
they can stress in front of me and I'm
uncomfortable figure I just come to you
then I start thinking about the last
time do not care what you got when I saw
her my eyes like close by oh
I wasn't even trying to spot come on
guys from bed stop all this I should've
known all you did was
d for us to take in the phone I let your
bones now gots to be alone harsh reality
is the case like when you spend away
might come back I just came to get my no
end you were the one just stranger
won't we can forgive longer die hard
trilogy that's the to demand you to
bullshit with good lovin and good lovin
on items what makes a young killer feel
stronger blacks them hold you know with
a lifestyle figures then going up with a
left hand by God like John rock killing
across your juicer pain by the Dickens
laptop all of the money that's the
possible blame me for the ladies we kill
ain't that you I'm the one who wants to
go to hell with it and I can kind of
selfish
above the law geez in the snow types of
brain Whitney aqui write you a song why
is the drug laws live in the China white
you got a high enough you can fuck her
with particular on the night tie your
brother Mack oh fuck way I met her
Wednesday had that by saturday she with
half black morning so Korea raising
enough big demand would often come to
seal the nuns in stop the soldiers for
regular which is why she had panic
attacks like 10 rapier months went by I
heard you for the Basingstoke lit it
with a stove go all the crazy on him
sold I saw it in the face she was booted
patrol confusing the road a gas flow
disintegrated like a co she fell victim
to the Ryan Apple big advice before
painting was at the boss diagnose cancer
heard from the source now gmod strong
means a dementia looking to be held
so me running through gonna stop the
space cool shore with the struggle deuce
I mean you act like you're fake friends
loving you they can dress in front of me
and I'm uncomfortable figure I just come
to you try to confine just then I start
thinking about the last time you're not
care what you got to hide what I saw her
in my eyes like chloride all I wanna
know is why I wasn't even trying to spot
come on guys that's not all inside
should have known all you did was for me
down should've thrown cash from the
mortgage on the home
get the deeper part per second of all I
let your own now I got the meteorite
harsh reality is the case like when you
spit in the wind might come back face I
just came to get my shit no angle you
were the one killing string